Avoid using the word "public variable section" since it does not exist. (#3443)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/functions.tex

Modelica \lstinline!class!:
\begin{itemize}
\item

>   All public components must have prefixes input or output.

Author: ```suggestion
  Each public component must have the prefix input or output.
```
Avoid plural.
